Add natural language linting (#335)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/schema/products/interfaces/attributes.md

# ProductInterface attributes

> Any type that implements [`ProductInterface`](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-ProductInterface) contains all the base attributes necessary for the front end of the product model.

Author: ```suggestion
Any type that implements [`ProductInterface`](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-ProductInterface) contains all the base attributes necessary for the frontend of the product model.
```
